Add Troubleshooting Guide and Improve Installer Script Variable Validation (#234)
ocp-power-automation/powervs_automation: README.md

    ```

> **Note**: If you encounter terraform-related errors during the create command, see ["Known Issues & Troubleshooting"](https://github.com/ocp-power-automation/ocp4-upi-powervs/blob/release-4.6/docs/known_issues.md) and ["TroubleShooting Document"](docs/troubleshooting.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you encounter Terraform related errors during the create command, see ["Known Issues & Troubleshooting"](https://github.com/ocp-power-automation/ocp4-upi-powervs/blob/main/docs/known_issues.md) and ["TroubleShooting Document"](docs/troubleshooting.md)
```

    ```

> **Note**: If you encounter Terraform related errors during the create command, see ["Known Issues & Troubleshooting"](https://github.com/ocp-power-automation/ocp4-upi-powervs/blob/main/docs/known_issues.md) and ["TroubleShooting Document"](docs/troubleshooting.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you encounter Terraform related errors during the create command, see ["Known Issues & Troubleshooting"](https://github.com/ocp-power-automation/ocp4-upi-powervs/blob/main/docs/known_issues.md) and ["TroubleShooting Document"](docs/troubleShooting.md)
```
Otherwise the link is not working.
